{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Dani used to\

\b0 \
Danni used to take baths so hot\
I couldn't get in after her. \
Danni used to call me 'shit fuck'\
and I used to say, "you what?\
You what? Shit fuck?\
What's that mean?"\
and we'd laugh. \
Danni used to be able to see my lies\
better than I thought she could. \
\
Danni used to be in my life so completely\
I sometimes felt a bit claustrophobic. \
Danni used to tickle me, \
it seemed, just to piss me off. \
Danni used to be hot in bed. \
I mean, she used to chase me across the mattress\
trying to cuddle up to sleep,\
and I would roll and roll away\
because I couldn't take the heat. \
\
Danni used to cook pasta and pesto\
and didn't bother much with meat. \
Danni used to be funny\
about touching the toilet seat. \
\
Danni used to dance like a mermaid would.\
Danni used to cry and I never could.\
Should would want to talk;\
I would want to walk. \
Danni used to stop at green lights\
and sometimes go through red ones. \
\
\

\b Being That Person\
\

\b0 She said, "Why the fuck did you do that? I 
\i told 
\i0 you."\
I said, "Okay. Okay."\
because I tend to repeat myself\
because I don't trust it enough to say it just once. \
\
She said, "Don't say 'okay' like that; it sounds like 'shut up'."\
I said, "Okay."\
She said, "You never listen to me."\
\
And I was standing there\
and I could feel the earth crumbling underneath\
because although this wasn't anything new in the relationship\
it actually was. \
And I could hear myself saying,\
"I do listen to you. I just left it for, like, 10 seconds\
and when I came back it was cold."\
because words slip in times of distress. \
\
Meanwhile there were pans of water on the stove\
and the bath was losing heat by the second,\
so she went and got in. \
And I poured in the first kettle\
as she shivered in the outside chill of the bathroom\
and told me once more that I should have listened to her.\
I should have listened. \
\
But by then it was too much\
because this wasn't just about then,\
it was about two and a half years of passive resistance. \
It was about being that person in the mirror\
who doesn't deserve to be trusted. \
It was about not being listened to. \
\
So I said, "No, I don't want to get in with you."\
so she stood up and stepped onto the cold floor\
and I said, "Come on, get back in;\
I want you to have a bath,"\
but she wouldn't \
and I grabbed hold of her\
and she shouted "GET OFF ME,"\
so I did. \
\
I went through to the bedroom and packed my clothes\
into my rucksack. \
I put my coat on at the bannister\
and pulled on my hat as I walked down the stairs. \
She said, "If you leave you're not coming back."\
I said, "I know," and I opened the door.\
She said, "Olly."\
\
I sit on the top step with my head in my hands,\
I'm still wearing my coat and hat.\
She strokes my head and rubs my shoulder with one hand\
while the other one holds my arm.\
She says, "I don't want you to go,"\
and I don't want to go\
but I won't take my coat off\
and so we sit on the top step\
in a space in between, \
while the saucepans boil over and the bath goes cold. \
\

\b That Night\
\

\b0 I remember that night,\
the drive to Leicester\
along the A6\
takes forever.\
\
I remember it's dark when I leave the car\
half on the kerb and\
carry my bags up the driveway. \
\
I remember you meeting me there\
and taking me inside\
and up the stairs\
to the room we've bought for the night. \
\
I remember you've already ordered pizza\
and I hang my suit up\
and throw my bags onto the floor\
and you sit me down at the foot of the bed.\
\
I remember you kneel down\
to unlace my shoes\
and take them off my feet. \
\
I remember I try to stop you and\
I try to lift you up,\
to hold you,\
and you ask me what's wrong. \
\
And I remember that\
I can't really speak,\
and then I start to cry. \
\
I remember that I start to cry. \
\

\b Parts\
\

\b0 This is the part where\
she sits and picks at her cardigan\
and asks me questions I can't answer.\
\
Where silence stretches between us\
and we don't know how to broach the gap. \
\
This is the part where\
a lie starts to snowball\
and before you know it\
I'm wishing I was out of this;\
out of this and far away. \
\
And she can tell, and that's just great. \
\
This is the part where,\
after everything, I'm still trying to make it better\
because it's me that just can't let go. \
But this part I play myself,\
and the others, \
they're out of it. \
Out of it and far away. \
\
}